put me to meet up button may we're on
our way to Montana my sister is going to
drive this Model T and we are going to
walk and drive the stalk
we got out into the middle
of the Indian Reservation
with just a boy
I'll have no way of knowing how old I
was
let's see I was in the I was first year
High School
when I went down the fire escape
when I fell out with my folks and I left
home and went out and I was probably out
to sandals for pretty near a year
working from a board
and it was after that
we went out to Montana early in the
spring
I
I'm afraid to say how old I would love
to live kit
uh teenager
but Jesus Christ was real in my heart
and I remember
that had they had put on a some kind of
an ignition switch different
than the one that came with the model T4
that was a little uh eccentric thing
down there in the front with a little
snap cap on it
and I remember the rollers would wear
out in the
in the uh
points would wear out
and they didn't think that it was a
proper thing so they put on a piece of
new equipment some kind of a output to
clamped on to the same place in the
ignition
but it's had the distributor cap and
some wires running
to the spark plug it was a newfangled
idea that had just come out
to change the ignition
on the Ford car and it hadn't been
proven to be successful except in their
advertising well I remember Mr Sandman
put one of these on that model T and
when we got out into the middle
of the Badlands
we had to leave that Model T
and take the stock on to his to The
Ranch at this place that we left the
Model T was in an Indian Reservation
just
east of Baker Montana we had gotten that
far and I remember having a little
gun that I was
it was a it was a
22 gauge
revolver
but I remember shooting at rattlesnake
I don't think we'd see those rallies of
sand Rattlers
coiled up and we would I I remember
shooting it one three times and watching
the thing crawl away
I never did learn to shoot that thing
but
anyway
there was rattlesnakes out there we left
that car there in the desert
and uh my sister Louie went with us to
Baker and she got on the train there and
went back home
and we drove those that little stalk
100 miles south of Baker down to a
section at Montana known as Powder River
down in the Powder River Valley we took
each stock that it is livestock or
Mr sandon
and we left him there
and Merle and I went back to get the
Model T
but when we got back to the Model T
everything on that card of a shiny
HUD caps
buckles headlights
everything that had a shine of glitter
was gone
those Indians had completely stripped
that car
every every shiny piece of grass every
buckle
headlights
everything was pretty
that they could get off was gone
so we had nothing to do
but leave the thing there
go back home
go back to
Baker
and then on back down to Powder River
and I got back down to Powder River and
I was there but
a little post office place called
Burbank
I believe it was Burbank no Ridgeway
Ridgeway Ridgeway Montana way down on
Powder River
and uh Ridgeway was our post office and
the mailman came from Baker
once a week it was a hundred miles
from Ridgeway to
Baker
and he made the trip
once a week I don't know what is
schedule was I only know that
we got our mail at Ridgeway once a week
and I got so homesick out there in that
Bleak they're living in a tent
and the pressure was terrible
there was so much alkaline that he had a
Mr sandon had a
horse stallion
a valuable horse and he was going to
raise his dog out in Montana on his
Ranch this newly required piece of
property
and he was only there for about a month
in a stallion took sick because of The
Alkali water and the alcohol lack of
grass and feed the stallion died and
some of his other stocks started to die
and it was a Calamity and
I decided that the only thing that I
could do they they had all they could do
to find something to eat for themselves
and I decided the only thing I could do
would be to head back toward
Baker and make the best
of a bad situation
and so I went back to
I've started back to Baker
and I think that I'll
shoot after starting back I got to the
first
Farmhouse after I left the post office
at Ridgeway
starting on that hundred mile trip
and I got some oh I got so hungry and I
got thirsty
and I was homeless